We have created a formula that
is designed to help you create
products, services or business
models that are innovative, but
to do so minimizing the risk.
This is absolutely key.
And how will we do it?
Well, what we’re going to do
is guide you through the
main stages or the key
factors that are determinants
of the success of failure.
From identifying ideas, opportunities
or validating those ideas in
the market with a scientific
method, learn to define the messages
you will send to your customers
and this will determine whether
they buy you or not, have
very clear what your marketing
plan is, learn to address
investors if you
need them, etc.
What kind of business models are we talking about?
By the way, we are not talking about
digital models, we are talking
about models that are innovative
and we have to understand this
well because they have many implications.
When you innovate, what happens is
that the potential of what you’re
going to is much larger, but it’s
also the risk and that’s why
we have to minimize it.
If you do copying others, you enter
a market doing the same,
because well, you will need
more money, the potential
is less, you will gain some
market share, but that’s
not what we want.
What we want to do is do different
things than others and that’s why
we need a method, we need a formula
that helps us minimize those
risks because, as I tell
you, when you’re innovating
you face a lot more uncertainty.
You don’t know what will happen.
We cannot give for granted that
we know how customers will react,
if they will buy us, if they will
see value, we do not even have
to give for granted that that
segment of customers we have chosen
is the right one.
Therefore, we need a scientific
method that helps us validate
all hypotheses to minimize
the risk.
The Power Launch Formula gives
answers to the problems of three
customer segments, entrepreneurs
who have not launched, entrepreneurs
who already have a project
in progress and entrepreneurs.
We start with the first ones.
There are millions of people who
have the dream of changing their
lives, of starting their own business.
What happens is that the vast majority
are paralyzed by fear, the fear of
failure, which is very important
and is that the risk can be minimized
very much, that to undertake,
that to innovate is no longer
a matter of throwing a coin
into the air, it is not a matter
of chance, you even have to
be very innovative, it is
not a matter of luck.
What we have to do is
apply a scientific method
that helps us minimize the
risks you will take.
By the way, this could even
help you start validating
your business model idea hypotheses
without leaving your
job.
The second of the segments are entrepreneurs
who have already created
a product, a service.
In some cases, they have a company
running and with employees,
but they have not reached
product market fit, that is, sales
have not yet shot, have not validated
that they have something very
potent in their hands and
it costs them.
What happens is that almost everyone,
and if you are in this situation
I would like you to make
the diagnosis, you are concerned
about pushing that product, that
is, you are concerned about
marketing, when really the problem
is not marketing, the problem
is that you still do not have a
value proposal that fits the perception
with a segment of customers, because
when you have that I tell you
that sales will be shot,
you will reach product market
fit.
So what do we have to do?
You have to keep looking,
keep learning.
You have to evolve your
value proposition until you
have something really valid
that fits a customer segment.
And finally we have entrepreneurs
who want to continue to innovate,
want to differentiate from
the competition, want to have
a company that is more valuable,
that is scalable, etc.
In this case, the starting point
may be different from the previous
ones, but in the end the challenge
is the same, what we have to
do is be able to innovate, to
create new products or new innovative
services, but minimizing
the risks.
To create the formula we
have analyzed the success cases.
As you know, we’ve had some
of the biggest success cases
of the last few years and we’
ve analyzed hundreds of failure
projects, in which we’
ve been able to identify what
mistakes everyone makes
and what mental barriers
we have to break or we have
to overcome.
And from that analysis we have created
a formula in which we have incorporated
all the programs, that is, it is
a very complete program, there
is none in the market so, it
will help you throughout all the
stages in the main decisions,
the truly determinants of
your current idea or the ideas
that you are going to emerge or
your current project end up
becoming a model of success, which,
as I told you, are not in many
cases the ones that worry you.
All you do is to make a business
plan or draw the business model
canvas or the value curve and that
is not worth anything because you
can put on the paper what you want,
what we have to do is validate
absolutely all those hypotheses
that you have incorporated into
your business model and validate
it scientifically, because only
so we will be minimizing
the risk and only so we will be
every day closer to the goal
that is to have an innovative
and successful business model.
The program consists of 50 classes
in visual format, but what you have
to keep in mind is that in this
case it is a very practical program
that incorporates work sheets,
that is, you will have to work it
yourself and you will work
with your current ideas, with your
current project or with the ideas
that are emerging, because we will
help you identify ideas, identify
opportunities, you
will be able to advance at your
pace, you really have to keep
in mind that this formula you
will apply whenever you want
with all the ideas that will
arise in the future, in addition
what we will do is we will
create the discussion
forums in which we will
encourage you all to
share your advances.
To finish, I will share with
you a reflection that is
important and also leads many
people to failure.
To succeed, to create an innovative
business model does not depend on the
idea, it does not depend on
having a happy idea, no.
For many reasons, if you realize
that almost all ideas will have to
be modified a thousand times and
also realize that all the entrepreneurs
we have come to have success
have failed a thousand
times before.
Therefore, what we have to do is
learn to validate very quickly
by investing the least time and
money possible all the ideas
that are emerging and in that
way what we will is to multiply
the options that at some point
one of those opportunities validate
that fits in a segment
of customers, validate that
fits you, with your moment,
with your situation, with
your capabilities and all the
pieces of the puzzle will fit
and that day that idea will
be executed and will
become a successful business
model.
Therefore, the recommendation is that
we start as we don’t block ourselves
waiting for the happy idea
to come to us.
We will help you identify opportunities.
There are thousands of opportunities.
The key, as I told you, is to know how
to validate it quickly and how
to execute them, how to convert those
ideas into successful business models.